hello there are youtubers this is me
pwnage bringing you how to make a lego
wonder waffle and yes I'm into black ops
I got the new map pack and such it's
pretty awesome you should get it
yourself but that is not why we're here
today today be remnants going to make a
lego wonder waffle so what you're going
to need is those type of studs one black
stud and six orange studs okay I'm going
to need one of these black things you
need three of those going to need a
bazooka rocket launcher types in a black
wine glass or whatever you like and a
three thin black rectangular piece
alright so what we're going to do is
free here there's it just two pieces
okay what you're going to do is you
stick it on like that go there we go and
so it kind of looks normal tip with a
jammer I take another piece on the side
and then after it doesn't matter how you
do this but take this stick it one two
three all right three of those okay and
then take through the you going studs
put it on like so okay and let me teach
my placement as I don't feel comfortable
over there okay and like that okay then
were you going to do is take this do
that then with these you should stack
them first I don't go on a stack them
right now 23 to represent the
electricity kind of and then here you
can either do put it on top or to put it
on the bottom I like to put it onto the
top take this on and there you have it
the wonder waffle or I like that's how I
make my and with my lego Dempsey
I have made it looks like this the
students didn't that's my lego Dempsey
wearing the mutt williams jacket black
pants and yeah after Madrid and happy
smile Stevie so see you guys next time
for the golden or not called a ray gun
sorry